Add documentation for building and running on WSL (#71)
servo/book: src/hacking/building-and-running-on-wsl.md

# Building and Running on WSL

## Building

Servo can be built on WSL as if you are building on any other Linux distribution.

1. Setup WSL v2.
2. Setup the environment depending on the WSL distribution that you are using (e.g. Ubuntu, OpenSuse, etc)
3. Build

## Running

> WSL v2 has the corresponding adaptors to display wayland and x11 applications, though it may not always work OOB with servo.

Reviewer: Perhaps we should link the [help article for running GUI apps under WSL](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/tutorials/gui-apps) and mention that Windows 11 or a somewhat recent windows 10 version is required.

# Building and Running on WSL

To run non-headless servo shell on WSL, you will most likely need to be on Windows 10 Build 19044+ or Windows 11 as access to WSL v2 is needed for GUI.

## Building

Servo can be built on WSL as if you are building on any other Linux distribution.

> 1. Setup WSL v2.  See [Microsoft's guideliens for setting up GUI apps in WSL](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/tutorials/gui-apps).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Setup WSL v2.  See [Microsoft's guidelines for setting up GUI apps in WSL](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/tutorials/gui-apps).
```

2. Setup the environment depending on the WSL distribution that you are using (e.g. Ubuntu, OpenSuse, etc)
3. Build

## Running

> WSL v2 has the corresponding adaptors to display wayland and x11 applications, though it may not always work OOB with servo.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
WSL v2 has the corresponding adaptors to display Wayland and X11 applications, though it may not always work out of the box with Servo.
```
